Topic: World War IIPicture Caption:
Children celebrating the victory in Europe during World War II, Baltimore, Maryland, 1945.
Facts:
At the time of the Pearl Harbor attack, there were nearly 100 military ships anchored. However, almost one-out-of-five ships were sunk or seriously damaged during the surprise attack.
President Dwight D. Eisenhower predicted people would try to deny the holocaust, and therefore, ordered people to take as many photographs of the Nazi crimes to prevent this.
A Japanese pilot who attacked Oregon during WWII returned many years later to present his family's 400 year old sword as an apology.
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
Can you recall any of the shortages during WWII? 
What are some ways citizens can support the troops? 
What are some ways to resolve conflict between nations? 
(EP) 
Did any of your family members serve during WWII? Which branch of the military were they in? 
Did your school do anything unusual during this time (ex: bomb drills, sirens, etc.)? 
Have you read any books or seen any movies that were based on WWII? What made you want to read this book/watch the movie?
(EX) 
Why do you think the US joined the fight in WWII? Was it to come to Great Britain's aid or as a response to Pearl Harbor? Should we have joined earlier? 
WWII created an increase in job opportunities for women when men went away to serve. Do you think these job opportunities compensated women fairly? 
Why do you think women worked under these conditions? Do you think work environments paid enough attention to safety during this time? What lasting affects might this have caused?
Source URLs for Facts:
https://www.factretriever.com/world-war-ii 
https://factrepublic.com/100-interesting-ww2-facts/ 
https://factrepublic.com/100-interesting-ww2-facts/3/ 
Image Attribution:
Author: Esquire.com.
License: ©2018 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: https://www.esquire.com/news-politics/g2132/30-photos-world-war-2-victory-day-europe/?slide=19 
