Topic: Famous DancersPicture Caption:
Sammy Davis Jr. in mid-dance step, while Marilyn Monroe looks on.
Facts:
Following a life-threatening car accident, Sammy Davis Jr. became more committed to his career. He released two top-selling albums and sold-out all of his shows. 
In the 90s, Patrick Swayze took a break from show business to breed Arabian horses. 
The great ballet dancer, Anna Pavlova, could complete 37 turns while on top of a moving elephant.
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
What are some famous dancers you can think of? 
Do you watch any dancing shows (e.g., “Dancing with the Stars”)? Do you watch any other talent shows on the TV? 
Are there any songs that you can't help but dance to? 
Have you ever seen someone performing a dance on the street? 
What are some qualities that make famous dancers stand out?
(EP) 
Have you ever watched a famous dancer perform live? What was that experience like? 
Did you ever have to perform a dance in front of an audience? What was it for? How did it go? Were you nervous? 
Have you ever met someone who is famous? Who was it? What was it like? 
Have you ever been to a dance studio? What was that like?
(EX) 
Do you think famous dancers are naturally gifted or did they become good through practice? Do think it's better to be naturally gifted or have good work ethic? 
Sometimes children are pressured by their parents to pursue activities such as dancing. Do you think this is okay or should the child be more in control of what they want to do? Why might someone agree or disagree?
Source URLs for Facts:
http://www.notablebiographies.com/Co-Da/Davis-Jr-Sammy.html 
https://www.littlethings.com/patrick-swayze-biography/
https://annapavlovaballerina.weebly.com/fun-facts.html 
Image Attribution:
Author: Frank Worth, 1953.
License: © 2017 Charitybuzz, LLC All Rights Reserved.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: https://www.charitybuzz.com/catalog_items/marilyn-monroe-sammy-davis-jr-set-of-how-to-marry-442808 