Topic: Memorable DancesPicture Caption:
High-schoolers dancing at their prom held in Huntington, West Virginia.
Facts:
62% of prom goers will keep memorabilia. 
Studies by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute have shown that dancing prevents heart disease. 
Prom first began in the mid- to late- 1800s at colleges and universities in the U.S. to promote social etiquette and manners in each year’s graduating class.
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
Were there any popular dances that everyone knew when you were a teenager (e.g., The Twist, Jitterbug, Hokey Pokey)? 
What are some of the memorable dances you went to?
(EP) 
Do you remember your first school dance? Who did you go with? 
Have you ever asked someone to a school dance? How did you ask them? Were you nervous? 
Have you ever danced at a wedding?
Have you ever watched a newly wedded couples' first dance? 
Have you ever chaperoned a school dance before? What was that like? 
Did you go to your high school prom? Tell me about it. 
When was the last time you danced?
(EX) 
Do gender roles play a part in dances? Why do you think this? Why might someone think otherwise? Are there instances where it is more appropriate for one gender to ask the other gender to dance? 
Do you think it is important to participate in school dances? What are some pros and cons to this? 
Some dances have DJ’s and others have live band. Why do you think someone might prefer one over the other?
Source URLs for Facts:
https://faviana.com/blog/8-bizarre-facts-about-prom-you-didnt-know 
https://www.kaplaninternational.com/blog/10-fun-facts-about-dancing 
https://www.bustle.com/articles/79784-the-history-of-prom-where-did-this-weird-high-school-tradition-come-from 
Image Attribution:
Author: Sholten Singer/The Herald-Dispatch.
License: © Copyright 2018 HD Media Company, LLC. 
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: http://www.herald-dispatch.com/multimedia/photos-huntington-high-prom/collection_f1649dee-27c6-11e7-92a1-27c48f9a7e67.html 