Topic: Setting the TablePicture Caption:
A child setting the table for a holiday meal.
Facts:
In India, it is important to finish all of the food on your plate. Wasting food is considered extremely disrespectful.
During the Middles Ages, a table cloth was used as a communal napkin for diners to wipe their hands on. 
When silverware first became common, it was proper for a guest to arrive with their own fork and spoon. 
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
What are some common dining etiquettes? 
What was dinnertime like when you were growing up? Who cooked? Who set the table? Did people have certain seats they sat in?
Is there a certain way you prefer a table be set?
(EP) 
Growing up did your family have a special set of dishes that were used for holiday meals? 
Was there a certain way the table was set up for special meals? 
Did you carry over any of these traditions once you had your own family?
Is there a particular holiday meal gathering that stands out to you? Tell me about it.
(EX) 
Do you think it is important for a family to eat dinner together at the table? Why/ why not? Why might a family not eat dinner together? 
Some families like to use a kids table for holiday meals. In your opinion, is this a healthy practice to separate the children from the adults? What makes you think this? 
There are multiple dining style options, including buffet style and three course meal. Do you think one style of dining is more formal than the other? Why/ why not? When might one style be more appropriate over another?
Source URLs for Facts:
https://www.foodbeast.com/news/this-infographic-explains-how-to-politely-dine-out-around-the-world/
http://www.slate.com/human-interest/2018/02/trumps-harvest-boxes-are-nothing-like-blue-apron.html 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fork
Image Attribution:
Author: Maggie McCormick.
License: Copyright 2018 Leaf Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: https://howtoadult.com/proper-place-setting-tips-kids-9346.html 