Topic: Using a ComputerPicture Caption:
Community college students working on computers in the classroom in 1984.
Facts:
In 1872, keyboards were arranged non-alphabetically to slow people down in an effort to help prevent typewriters from jamming.
Research has found different parts of the brain are used when reading from a piece of paper compared to a screen. 
A 2010 study found that children spend an average of over 7 hours per day with digital media.
Possible Questions:
(SM)
Do you use a computer often? What do you use a computer for? 
How have computers changed over time? 
Do you find it difficult to keep up with new technology?
(EP)
What was your first experience using a computer?
Do you remember a time when you experienced technical difficulties with a computer? What was wrong? How did you fix this? 
Who was the first person you knew who had their own computer? 
When did you first see computers introduced in your workplace? What was this like? Were people excited? Were there special trainings you had to do?
(EX)
Today, computers are very relevant in the classroom. Do you think this has made a positive or negative impact on learning? What are some pros and cons? 
Do you think children should be required to find resources other than the internet (e.g., books from the library) for school projects, reports, etc.? Why might this be an important skill? Or, is it irrelevant? 
Do you think learning to write by hand and spell is still important even though we could just type and use spell check? Do we rely too heavily on this technology? 
Do you think access to computers may provide an unfair advantage in regards to learning or doing well in school? Why or why not?
Source URLs for Facts:
https://keyshorts.com/blogs/blog/41838657-31-weird-fun-facts-about-computer-keyboards-you-didnt-know-about 
https://www.pri.org/stories/2014-09-18/your-paper-brain-and-your-kindle-brain-arent-same-thing 
http://learningworksforkids.com/2015/07/how-much-time-do-kids-spend-with-technology/  
Image Attribution:
Author: Lib.gccaz.edu, 1984.
License: Copyright © Glendale Community College.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: http://lib.gccaz.edu/lmc/archive/1980s.html