Topic: Keeping in TouchPicture Caption:
Two young girls talking to each other using tin cans connected by a string.
Facts:
Almost one in four Americans say they would fly across the country, with no notice, to be with their friend.
A 2013 study found distance can improve a couple's communication. Long distance couples were more likely to share meaningful thoughts with each other.
In Britain, two women hold the title for Britain's oldest friends. The women have been friends for 90 years since the age of 3.
Possible Questions:
(SM)
What are some ways people keep in touch (e.g., postcards, letters, email, phone calls, video, etc.)? 
How have the ways you have kept in touch with people changed over the years? What has stayed the same? 
Is there anyone you currently/used to keep in touch with regularly?
(EP)
Have you ever written someone a letter? 
Is your writing style different from how you talk? If so, why do you think that is? 
Have you ever gone out of your way to do something for your friend or vice versa? What was it? Was it difficult to do?
 Can you "pick up right where you left off" with certain friends? Why/Why not? 
Have you relied on different friends for different situations? How so?
(EX)
Do you think phone or video technology improve our ability to stay connected? Are there any downsides to this? 
What are some pros and cons of reconnecting with friends through social media? 
Is it beneficial for kids to experience new groups of friends or keep the same group of friends while growing up?
Source URLs for Facts:
https://www.statista.com/statistics/262625/things-americans-would-do-for-a-friend/ 
https://inspiringtips.com/long-distance-relationship-facts-and-statistics/ 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1099003/Britains-oldest-friends-met-1918-celebrate-Christmas-together.html 
Image Attribution:
Author: Thinkingabouttomorrow.org.
License: © 2018 Thinking About Tomorrow. All Rights Reserved.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: http://thinkingabouttomorrow.org/contact-us/