Topic: Body LanguagePicture Caption:
A group of people demonstrating different postures that display body language.
Facts:
The thumbs up gesture has an negative meaning in Iraq and Latin America.
In a job interview, 55% of a first impression is formed by body language.
Over half of any message is conveyed through nonverbal elements, including facial expressions, gestures, and posture.
Possible Questions:
(SM)
What are some common body language expressions? What do they mean? 
Do you know anyone who knows sign language? 
Fashion can play a part in non-verbal communication – can you think of any examples of this? 
What message do you think your appearance sends?
(EP)
Did you ever have a secret handshake with someone? How did that develop? 
Have you ever tried to communicate with someone who didn't speak the same language as you? How did that go? 
Did you ever learn any non-verbal means of communication in school or at home (e.g., sign language)? 
(EX)
Sign language has different regional dialects, while body language (e.g., gestures, foot stance, etc.) are more widely known. Do you think all non-verbal communication should be universal? Why/why not? 
Do you think body language is an important accompaniment to verbal communication? 
Should non-verbal communication (e.g., gesturing, appearance, etc.) adhere to the same laws as verbal communication? 
The majority of our communication happens nonverbally. Do you think non-verbal communication should be emphasized more in schools? Why might this be important? Do you think it's easy enough to learn on our own?
Source URLs for Facts:
http://motivationalwizard.com/interesting-psychological-facts-body-language/ 
https://www.nexxt.com/articles/first-things-first-how-body-language-affects-first-impressions-during-an-interview-18550-article.html 
http://www.nonverbalgroup.com/2011/08/how-much-of-communication-is-really-nonverbal
Image Attribution:
Author: Activia.
License: © 2017 Activia Ltd. 
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: https://www.activia.co.uk/interactive/body-language-in-business