Topic: MedicationsPicture Caption:
A man depositing medications into his hand.
Facts:
It takes almost 10 years and about 800 million dollars to develop and bring a new drug to market.
A Wall Street Journal poll found one-in-three adults took a prescription drug on a regular basis, but did not follow their doctor-recommended course of treatment.
According to the Guinness Book of World Records, Aspirin is the most widely used drug and can relieve more than 50 symptoms.
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
What are some common over-the-counter medications? 
Have you ever used any natural remedies? What did/do you usually use? 
Can you think of any medications on the market today that weren't available when you were growing up? Is there a medication you wish existed, but does not? What is it?
(EP) 
Have you ever taken a medication that didn't work? What was it? Did you have to do anything instead? 
Have you ever had to deal with bad side effects from taking medications? How did you deal with that? 
Have you ever taken a medication that worked faster/better than you thought it would? What was it?
(EX) 
Do you think doctors in America prescribe medications too easily? What are some potential issues that can arise from this? 
In your opinion, is it important to follow the "doctor's orders" when taking medication? When might this be necessary (ex: antibiotic resistance) or unnecessary? 
As soon as you feel an ache or pain, do you think it is better to take medication right away or let your body naturally heal? Why might someone think the opposite?
Source URLs for Facts:
http://www.healthassist.net/facts/interesting-facts.shtml 
http://www.voluntarybenefitsmagazine.com/article/forgetting-tour.html 
http://www.thehealthsite.com/diseases-conditions/aspirin-10-amazing-facts-you-should-know-sh214/ 
Author: Michael Chernew and Dana Goldman, 2013.
License: Copyright 2018 The Brookings Institution.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: https://www.brookings.edu/research/transitioning-to-bundled-payments-in-medicare/ 