Topic: Long Distance TransitPicture Caption:
Airline stewardesses offering a passenger a mimosa during the flight.
Facts:
Early airships offered passengers a piano lounge, bar, and other luxuries during the 2.5 day flight between Europe and America.
In Moscow, stray dogs have learned how to commute using the subway back-and-forth, from the suburbs to the city, to scavenge for food.
The longest train route is just over 6,000 miles, from Russia to Korea, and takes nearly 8 days to complete.
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
What types of transit can you take long distance? 
What different kinds of airplanes are you familiar with? 
Have you noticed any changes in air travel over the years?
What do you do to keep yourself busy during long trips? 
(EP) 
Have you ever had a flat tire or car trouble while traveling long distance? Where were you going? How did you deal with the situation? 
When was the last time you flew in an airplane? Where were you going? Did they play a movie? Was it a good experience? 
Have you ever had a bad experience traveling (ex: crying babies, being squished in a seat, people kicking the back of your seat, etc.)?
(EX) 
When traveling long distances do you prefer to take a plane, train, or drive yourself? Why might one option be better than another? 
Many people are very afraid of flying even though it is safer than driving. Why do you think one is safer than the other? Why might this fear prevail? 
Do you think luxury is important when traveling long-distance (ex: first class, RV vs. car camping, etc.)? Why might someone prefer the minimal?
Source URLs for Facts:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In-flight_entertainment
http://abcnews.go.com/International/Technology/stray-dogs-master-complex-moscow-subway-system/story?id=10145833 
http://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/world-records/longest-train-journey-without-changing-trains 
Image Attribution:
Author: Charles Igbinidu, 2016.
License: © Copyright 2011 - 2018, All Rights Reserved.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: https://ionigeria.com/spot-nigerian-international-flight/ 