Topic: Brown vs Board of Education (1954)Picture Caption:
A cross-district school in Hartford, Connecticut, that welcomes both low-income and suburban students to maximize diversity. 
Facts:
The Brown vs Board of Education case was motivated by Oliver L. Brown because his daughter, Linda, had to travel 1 mile to attend the segregated black school even though there was a white school by her house.
Thurgood Marshall became famous after being the lead counsel on Brown v. Board of Education; this was instrumental to him becoming the first African American to serve on the Supreme Court.
There were actually 4 cases against segregated schools that were presented to the Supreme Court under Brown v. Board of Education.
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
What are the benefits to having diversity in schools? 
Were there any allies in your community or school for integration? 
What were some of the opinions within your community at this time? How did you learn about the supreme court system in school?
(EP) 
Were any of the schools you attended segregated? Do you remember when that changed? What was the atmosphere during this change? 
Where were you during the Brown vs Board of Education case? How did you keep track of the case? 
Was race or ethnicity something frequently discussed in school? What was that like?
(EX) 
Do you think segregation still exists in schools? In what aspects (ex: financial, gender, skills)? 
In your opinion, how much support does a cause need in order to bring about social change? 
Do you think the government has done enough in the school system to provide equality to people of all backgrounds? Why/why not? 
Source URLs for Facts:
https://www.theroot.com/6-lesser-known-facts-about-brown-v-board-1790875744
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thurgood_Marshall
https://www.cnn.com/2013/07/04/us/brown-v-board-of-education/index.html
Image Attribution:
Author: Maisie McAdoo, 2016.
License: Copyright © 1999 – 2018 United Federation of Teachers.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: http://www.uft.org/insight/evidence-school-integration 