Topic: Music in AdvertisingPicture Caption:
Singer-songwriter Barry Manilow wrote and performed commercials for many corporations such as McDonald's "You Deserve a Break Today” and Band-Aid’s "Stuck on Band-Aid.”
Facts:
In 2014, HP saw a 26% increase in sales when an ad featured a pop song that was popular among teens and young adults.
Coca-Cola is credited for most effective musical advertising because it initiated the use of original music in TV and cinema advertising in 1971.
Some of the most recognizable jingles date back to the 1950s for companies like Wrigley’s Doublemint Gum, Kellogg’s Rice Krispies, and Cambell's Soup.
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
What are some catchy commercials you remember? 
What are some jingles from your childhood you recall? 
Can you think of any commercial jingles that have annoyed you?
(EP) 
Is there a time music impacted your shopping experience (ex: at malls, grocery stores, etc.)? 
Have you purchased an item due to a commercial? What aspects of the commercial convinced you to purchase the item? 
Have you felt inspired by a commercial due to the music they were playing or the message they presented? What was the commercial and how did it make you feel? 
(EX) 
In your opinion do jingles/songs help sell products or help people remember certain companies? Why do you think that? 
Do you think commercial songs are a legitimate artform? Why might someone think differently? 
Some commercials use well-known songs. Do you think customers enjoy hearing these songs in commercials? What could be some downsides to using popular songs in commercials?
Source URLs for Facts:
https://www.ama.org/publications/MarketingNews/Pages/music-advertising-marketing.aspx
https://sensum.co/blog/the-sound-of-music-why-is-it-so-effective-in-advertising 
http://writemeajingle.com/top-10-tv-jingles-from-the-1950s/
Image Attribution:
Author: Charles Sykes.
License: Fair Use.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: http://www.courant.com/entertainment/music/hc-barry-manilow-foxwoods-20170524-story.html 