Topic: Branches of the MilitaryPicture Caption:
Different U.S. Armed Forces saluting an American Flag.
Facts:
The phrase "Cup of Joe" came from when the Secretary of the Navy, Josephus Daniels, made a rule that the strongest drink allowed on Navy ships could only be coffee. 
The New York Police Department is larger than the Coast Guard.
The first US Airforce bases were built on Native American reserves. Because of this, many Army helicopters are named after native tribes.
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
What are the branches of the military? 
Are there any military bases in your area? Do you remember their names? 
Did you know anyone that was stationed at a base here in the US or overseas? Where was that? 
Did you know anyone who held a high rank in the military? What was their ranking? 
How does seeing someone in uniform make you feel?
(EP) 
Have you ever seen any military equipment, like jets, ships, or tanks? Where was it and what did you see? 
Can you think of a time when you have seen someone in uniform? What did their uniform look like? 
Which branch of the military do you know people who served? What do you remember about their experience? What stories do you remember them telling you?
(EX) 
Today's young people seem less likely to want to join the military. Why do you think this is? Why would someone disagree with this thought?
What are some reasons to want or not want to join today's military conflicts? 
Each branch of the military serves an important but different purpose. What do you think is a unique contribution of each military branch (ex: Army, Navy, Marine, etc.)? Do you think each branch applies its unique contribution to the best of its ability?  
Source URLs for Facts:
http://www.military.com/join-armed-forces/military-trivia-facts.html
https://www.mantelligence.com/9-facts-about-marines-every-man-should-know/
http://www.kickassfacts.com/25-interesting-facts-about-united-states-armed-forces-part-1/
Image Attribution:
Author: Theodysseyonline.com.
License: © 2017 Odyssey Media Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: https://www.theodysseyonline.com/special-thank-you-to-the-united-states-armed-forces 