Topic: Cinco De MayoPicture Caption:
Young women dancing in the Cinco de Mayo Parade held in Stockton, California.
Facts:
The California Avocado Commission stated that Americans consume up to 81 million pounds of avocados on Cinco de Mayo every year. 
Cinco de Mayo was first celebrated in the United States in 1863 as a show of solidarity with Mexico against French rule.
Surprisingly, Cinco de Mayo is not a federal holiday in Mexico and is not widely celebrated outside of the city where the battle took place: Puebla, Veracruz.
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
What comes to mind when you think of Cinco de Mayo? 
How does this holiday differ from traditional American holidays (ex: 4th of July)?
What is your favorite aspect of Cinco de Mayo (ex: food, music, history, etc.)?
(EP) 
Have you ever celebrated Cinco de Mayo? Have you ever been to a Cinco de Mayo festival? What was that like? 
Have you ever been to Mexico? What for? What do you remember about this trip? 
Have you ever celebrated or witnessed any other Mexican holidays or traditions? What were they?
(EX) 
Sombreros are common to Spanish culture and festivities. Do you think anyone should be able to wear items from another culture for holidays like Cinco de Mayo? Why might someone be offended when someone else represents their culture? 
America includes people from a variety of cultural backgrounds. Why might it be important to celebrate holidays from different countries in America? 
Do you think Mexico's military parades and recreations help locals reconnect with their history? Do you think it is important to reflect on past events? Why/why not?
Source URLs for Facts:
https://www.margs.com/10-things-about-cinco-de-mayo/ 
https://www.tripsavvy.com/cinco-de-mayo-celebrated-in-us-1588747
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/05/05/business/cinco-de-mayo-facts-history.html 
Image Attribution:
Author: Visitstockton.org.
License: Copyright © 2018 Visit Stockton.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: https://www.visitstockton.org/events/downtown-stockton-cinco-de-mayo-parade/ 