Topic: Professional AwardsPicture Caption:
A library employee receiving an Employee of the Month award.
Facts:
In the US, almost all employee recognition programs reward tenure.
Just over 80% of employees think it is better to give someone praise rather than a gift.
Disney gives out a Spirit of Fred Award that is named after a longtime employee who exemplifies the company values. Fred currently helps make the plaques for the winners.
Possible Questions:
(SM)
What types of professional awards can you think of? 
Can you think of some examples where an employee exceeds expectations? 
Can you think of some examples where a student exceeds expectations? 
What qualities make an employee successful?
(EP)
Do you have any memories of yourself or someone you know receiving a professional award? Were you surprised to receive it? What was it for?  
Do you know anyone that excelled in a certain line of work? What did they do for a living? Why were they good at it? 
Have you ever celebrated an achievement before? What was the achievement? How did you celebrate? 
(EX)
Some people meet the minimum requirements at work while others go above and beyond. Is going above and beyond something that should be automatically expected of workers? Why/Why not?
What actions should be taken if someone isn't meeting the expectations of the job?
What actions have been taken by employers that aren't effective? 
Do you think you're more determined to do a good job when you know you'll be recognized for your efforts, or when it is annonymous? Why do you think that is? Can you think of a time when it's the opposite?
Source URLs for Facts:
https://www.tinypulse.com/blog/sk-employee-recognition-stats 
https://www.interact-intranet.com/thanksgiving-at-work-the-importance-of-employee-recognition/ 
https://www.tinypulse.com/blog/these-4-companies-totally-get-employee-recognition 
Image Attribution:
Author: Warren Township Library, 08/11/2010.
License: Fair Use.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: http://warrenlibrarynj.blogspot.com/2010/08/library-employee-recipient-of-employee.html
