Topic: Wedding CeremoniesPicture Caption:
A man and women exiting the church following the wedding ceremony.
Facts:
Queen Victoria is credited with starting the Western world's white wedding dress trend in 1840. Before then, brides simply wore their best dress.
In South Africa, the parents of both bride and groom traditionally carried fire from their hearths to light a new fire in the newlyweds' hearth.
The bride stands to the groom's left during a Christian ceremony, because in bygone days the groom needed his right hand free to fight off other suitors.
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
How many weddings have you been to? What aspects of weddings are your favorite? 
What kinds of decorations have you seen at weddings over the years? What are the most common things you've seen across all weddings? 
Who should be invited to a wedding?
(EP) 
What is the most memorable wedding you've ever attended? What about it was so special? 
Have you planned a bachelor/ette party? Did your party turn out as planned? 
Do you have any funny or weird wedding stories? 
Have you ever walked someone down the aisle of their wedding? How did you feel?  Have you ever been in a wedding? Tell me about that.
(EX) 
What do you think is more important: spending a lot of money on a wedding or saving for your future as a couple? Why would someone think differently? Do you think it is necessary for weddings to have a religious aspect? 
In your opinion should the cost of a wedding be evenly split between both families or does one have a responsibility to pay for it? 
Are bridesmaids and groomsmen important to a wedding? Why/why not?
Source URLs for Facts:
https://www.brides.com/story/surprising-facts-wedding-traditions 
https://www.theknot.com/content/wedding-traditions-superstitions-facts-trivia 
http://www.eugeneportman.com/pages/other-information/wedding-interesting-facts.htm#.Wm9ooBorK9Y 
Image Attribution:
Author: Unknown.
License: © 2011 - 2017 The Wedding Bliss Thailand. All Rights Reserved.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: https://www.theweddingblissthailand.com/church-wedding-ceremony-thailand 