Topic: Receptions & HoneymoonsPicture Caption:
A newly married couple playing “The Wedding Shoe Game” at their reception.
Facts:
Entertaining guests after a wedding ceremony is a widespread tradition. It can last anywhere from half an hour to many hours or even days.
The term "honeymoon" originated when Ancient Norse bridal couples hid and were given honey wine for one moon cycle, or 30 days, after their wedding. 
The wedding cake of Queen Elizabeth II was 9 feet tall and weighed 500 pounds.
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
What types of music are played at receptions? What are the components of a good reception? 
Sports, music and movies have all been a part of themed receptions. What kind of receptions have you attended? 
What are some popular honeymoon locations you are familiar with?
(EP) 
What is the most money you've spent on a wedding gift? Can you remember any funny stories from a wedding reception? Have you ever attended a wedding reception, but not the wedding? Why did you not attend the wedding? Have you ever attended a creative wedding reception? What made it creative? 
Have you ever given a toast at a reception? What did you talk about? Have you ever watched the first dance of a newly wedded couple? How did it make you feel? 
Did you have a honeymoon? If so, where did you go? Do you remember any exciting stories of your friends on their honeymoon?
(EX) 
Should the bride and groom give away parting gifts to their guests? Why/Why not? Should bridesmaids/groomsmen sit with their romantic partners during the reception or sit with the bridal party? Why? 
Brides and grooms sometimes limit their guest list to adults only at receptions. Should the reception be about the bride/groom or their guests? 
Do you think it is important to spend more money on the wedding or the honeymoon? Why? What are some pros and cons of going on a long honeymoon? 
Source URLs for Facts:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wedding_reception
https://www.brides.com/story/surprising-facts-wedding-traditions 
https://www.factretriever.com/wedding-facts 
Image Attribution:
Author: B. Jones Photography.
License: © 2006-2017 WeddingWire, Inc. 
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: https://www.weddingwire.com/wedding-ideas/wedding-shoe-game 