Topic: Treatment: Changes Over TimePicture Caption:
A women at the doctor’s office to receive medical treatment.
Facts:
In 1910 the New York Times pointed out that the "soothing syrups" given to sick children usually contained morphine, chloroform, heroin, opium and cannabis.
Minimally invasive surgery has recently become the norm for many operations, including gallbladder removal, hernia repair, and appendectomies. 
Recently, a woman was fitted with bionic hands which used computer chips that sync joints and Bluetooth devices that coordinate movement. 
Possible Questions:
(SM) 
What are some health issues that require treatment? What are some surgical procedures you've heard of? 
What qualities are found in a good healthcare provider? 
Can you recall any breakthrough medical inventions or discoveries?
(EP) 
Do you remember a time you or someone you know needed medical care? Did you feel like you were in good hands with your medical team?  How did you hear about them?
Do you remember the first successful heart transplant? What did you hear about it? 
Have you known anyone that has received an organ transplant? What happened?
(EX) 
New equipment (ex: 3D-printed prosthetic limbs or robotic surgeries) provide better accuracy and durability in healthcare today.  What are some good and bad things about today's medical equipment?  Should we rely solely on this new equipment? 
Do you think the field of gerontology meets healthcare needs for the growing older adult population? What are some improvements that could be made? What are some things the gerontology field is doing well? 
New treatments (ex: prescriptions, technology, procedures) present new challenges to medical ethics. What do you think some of these challenges are? What are some measures that can be taken to reduce these challenges?  
Source URLs for Facts:
http://www.cracked.com/article_15669_the-10-most-insane-medical-practices-in-history.html
https://www.cnn.com/2013/06/05/health/lifeswork-medical-advances/
Image Attribution:
Author: Jennifer Warner, 2017.
License: Fair use.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: https://www.everydayhealth.com/hs/crohns-disease-treatment-management/when-adjust-treatment/ 