Topic: First Impressions Picture Caption:
People introducing themselves with a handshake.
Facts:
Career experts say it takes just three seconds for someone to determine whether they like you and want to do business with you.
Research suggests people are much more likely to change their attitudes about someone if they get new information from a trustworthy source.
A 2011 study found that people judged women with makeup as more likable, and competent than those with bare faces. However, wearing too much makeup changed those impressions. 
Possible Questions:
(SM)What are some ways you've prepared for a first meeting with someone? 
What are some key things that form a first impression for you? 
What are some things that can create a bad first impression?
(EP)
Have you ever had any bad first impressions? Were you able to repair this? 
Have you ever met someone who gave you a bad first impression that was able to redeem themselves? How did they do this?
Have you ever met someone who gave you a good first impression? What did they do to make you feel that way?
(EX)
What are some of the pros and cons of judging someone just off of a first impression? 
In your opinion, does a person's personality or appearance impact a first impression? Why do you think this? Do you think this has changed over time? How so? 
Do you think that we put too much emphasis on first impressions? Why or why not?
How much time do you think it takes to actually get a good feel for who a person is? Why might someone think differently? 
Source URLs for Facts:
http://www.spsp.org/news-center/press-releases/even-fact-will-not-change-first-impressions 
https://www.inc.com/business-insider/five-ways-to-redo-your-first-impression.html 
http://www.apa.org/gradpsych/2012/11/first-impressions.aspx 
Image Attribution:
Author: Niagaracanada.com.
License: © 2014 Niagara Economic Development Corporation.
Use: I-CONECT, which is sponsored by the National Institute on Aging.
Source: http://www.niagaracanada.com/Ecdev/businesspartners 